this assignment you will need to create an ISO C++ class and its exception class (header and implementation files) to support a puzzle game. No GUI coding is required. To play the game, the user supplies a word between 3 and 10 characters in length, all lower case, and chooses a difficulty level from "easy", "medium" or "hard". These levels control the size of the puzzle, which will be a square array of 2, 3 or 4 times the size of the supplied word. Here is an example of a medium difficulty puzzle which contains the hidden word "hidden" along with row and column numbers:


As you can see, the hidden word is placed at random in a 2D array of random, lower case letters. The word can be spelled out going up, down, left or right (or north, south, west or east), but not in a diagonal direction (for simplicity). The game is played against the clock with the user wanting to decrease the time required to solve the puzzle.

The game itself is one of the functions supplied in this code (testJumble.cpp). This program also contains a function to display the puzzle and a function containing a few unit tests that your class, called JumblePuzzle, needs to satisfy. You also need to write the BadJumbleException class, and add to the set of unit tests supplied. Examine the supplied code and its comments to help figure out how your class must behave and the types of unit tests you need to develop. You do not need to use a unit testing framework, just code the tests into the testJumble() function.
